<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [BinaryHeap](#binaryheap)
-   [Comparator](#comparator)
-   [ComparatorResult](#comparatorresult)
-   [PairingHeap](#pairingheap)
-   [PriorityQueueOption](#priorityqueueoption)
-   [PriorityQueue](#priorityqueue)
    -   [clear](#clear)
    -   [toArray](#toarray)
    -   [length](#length)
    -   [push](#push)
    -   [enqueue](#enqueue)
    -   [top](#top)
    -   [peek](#peek)
    -   [pop](#pop)
    -   [dequeue](#dequeue)
    -   [merge](#merge)
    -   [isEmpty](#isempty)
    -   [from](#from)
-   [SkewHeap](#skewheap)

## BinaryHeap

**Extends PriorityQueue**

An implementation of Binary Heap.

## Comparator

A signature definition of comparator.
This type has same to an argument of `Array#sort`.

Type: function (a: T, b: T): [ComparatorResult](#comparatorresult)

## ComparatorResult

A type of comparator's result.

Type: (`1` \| `0` \| `-1` \| [number](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number))

## PairingHeap

**Extends PriorityQueue**

An implementation of Pairing Heap.

## PriorityQueueOption

Option structure of Priority Queue.

Type: {comparator: [Comparator](#comparator)&lt;T>?}

**Properties**

-   `comparator` **[Comparator](#comparator)&lt;T>?** 

## PriorityQueue

An Abstract class of Priority Queue.

**Parameters**

-   `$0` **any**  (optional, default `{}`)
    -   `$0.comparator`   (optional, default `(defaultComparator:Comparator<any>)`)

### clear

Clear this priority queue.

Returns **void** 

### toArray

Write out the priority queue content as an Array.

Returns **[Array](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array)&lt;T>** 

### length

Returns size of the priority queue.

Returns **[number](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number)** 

### push

Push the element to the priority queue and returns self.

**Parameters**

-   `value` **T** 

Returns **void** 

### enqueue

Enqueue the element to the priority queue and returns self. Alias of push().

**Parameters**

-   `value` **T** 

Returns **void** 

### top

Get the top element of the priority queue.

Returns **T** 

### peek

Peek the top element of the priority queue. Alias of top().

Returns **T** 

### pop

Pop the top element of the priority queue.

Returns **T** 

### dequeue

Dequeue the top element of the priority queue. Alias of pop().

Returns **T** 

### merge

Merge another priority queue into this.

**Parameters**

-   `other` **[PriorityQueue](#priorityqueue)&lt;T>** 

Returns **void** 

### isEmpty

Returns the priority queue is empty or not.

Returns **[boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** 

### from

Build priority queue from given array.

**Parameters**

-   `array` **[Array](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array)&lt;T>** 
-   `option` **[PriorityQueueOption](#priorityqueueoption)&lt;T>** 

Returns **[PriorityQueue](#priorityqueue)&lt;T>** 

## SkewHeap

**Extends PriorityQueue**

An implementation of Skew Heap.
